README.md, before:

# Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery.git">
<!--     <img src="Icons/iconReadMe.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80"> -->
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Food order single page app JavaScript/Python</h3>

  <p align="center">
    project_description
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery.git"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6MF1cKNYbs">View Demo on Youtube</a>
    ·

  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgements">Acknowledgements</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<p float="left">
<img src="frontend/images/prevPic1.jpg" width="48%" display="inline-block">
<img src="frontend/images/prevPic2.jpg" width="48%" display="inline-block">
<img src="frontend/images/prevPic3.jpg" width="48%" display="inline-block">
<img src="frontend/images/prevPic4.jpg" width="48%" display="inline-block">
</p>

Todo list for tracking daily activities. It uses API endpoints written in Python/Django Rest Framework and a weather API to render forecast conditions.
Authentification is done using token-auth.
If user does not exists, then a new one can be created using this interface.
Django database is set to sqlite.

### Built With

- []() Backend: Python Django Rest Framework
- []() Frontend: JavaScript, HTML, CSS

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

Go to a new folder and then create an virtual environment

- In terminal window type this command
  ```sh
  python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
  ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-Django-TodoList-.git
   ```
2. Install dependencies packages for backend server
   ```sh
   pip install django
   pip install rest-framework
   pip install django-cors-headers
   ```

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

Start local server for API endpoints in Python

- []() activate virtual environment
- []() change directory to backend\server
- []() start server using command python manage.py runserver

Start live server frontend app using index.html file

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

Not defined

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Not defined

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Your Name - Munteanu Gabriel - email : munteanugabriel25@yahoo.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-Django-TodoList-.git](https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-Django-TodoList-.git)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## Acknowledgements

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/github_username

Commit message:

update readme file with preview_pics

README.md, after:

# Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery.git">
<!--     <img src="Icons/iconReadMe.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80"> -->
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Food order single page app JavaScript/Python</h3>

  <p align="center">
    project_description
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery.git"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6MF1cKNYbs">View Demo on Youtube</a>
    ·

  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgements">Acknowledgements</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<p float="left">
<img src="preview_pics/preview1.png" width="48%" display="inline-block">
<img src="preview_pics/preview2.png" width="48%" display="inline-block">
<img src="preview_pics/preview3.png" width="48%" display="inline-block">
<img src="preview_pics/preview4.png" width="48%" display="inline-block">
</p>

Food delivery app with login authentication. It uses API endpoints written in Python/Django Rest Framework.
Authentification is done using token-auth.
If user does not exists, then a new one can be created using this interface.
Django database is set to sqlite.
Products can be added using Django ADMIN interface and also new users can ne created from there.

### Built With

- []() Backend: Python Django Rest Framework
- []() Frontend: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Bundler: Parcel


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

Go to a new folder and then create an virtual environment

- In terminal window type this command
  ```sh
  python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
  ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clonehttps://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery.git
   ```
2. Install dependencies packages for backend server
   ```sh
   pip install django
   pip install rest-framework
   pip install django-cors-headers
   ```

3. Initialize a new NPM project using command 
```sh
    npm init
   ```
<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

Start local server for API endpoints in Python

- []() activate virtual environment
- []() change directory to backend\server
- []() start server using command python manage.py runserver

Start live server frontend app using index.html file

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

Not defined

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Not defined

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Your Name - Munteanu Gabriel - email : munteanugabriel25@yahoo.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery.git](https://github.com/munteanugabriel25/Javascript-RestApiDjango-FoodDelievery.git)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## Acknowledgements

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/github_username
